# Alert Ticket

<h2>Description</h2>
The project aims at optimizing the analysis and response process for ticket alerts generated by various security mechanisms. Focused on enhancing incident management, this project ensures that tickets can efficiently review, prioritize, and respond to security alerts in a timely manner.
<br />

<h2>Languages and Utilities Used</h2>

- <b>Hash</b>
- <b>VirusTotal</b> 

<h2>Walk-through:</h2>

| Ticket ID | Alert Message | Severity | Details| Ticket status |
| ---         |     ---     |          --- |          --- |          --- |
| A-2703   | SERVER-MAIL Phishing attempt possible download of malware    | Medium    | The user may have opened a malicious email and opened attachments or clicked links.    | Esculated   |

<br/>


<p align="left">
  
**Hash in file:** <br/>
54e6ea47eb04634d3e87fd7787e2136ccfbcc80ade34f246a12cf93bab527f6b
<br />
<br />

**Email:** <br />
From: Def Communications <76tguyhh6tgftrt7tg.su>  <114.114.114.114><br />
Sent: Wednesday, July 20, 2022 09:30:14 AM<br />
To: <hr@inergy.com> <176.157.125.93><br />
Subject: Re: Infrastructure Egnieer role<br /><br />

Dear HR at Ingergy,<br /><br />

I am writing for to express my interest in the engineer role posted from the website.<br /><br />

There is attached my resume and cover letter. For privacy, the file is password protected. Use the password paradise10789 to open. <br /><br />

Thank you,<br /><br />

Clyde West<br />
Attachment: filename="bfsvc.exe"<br />

<br />

Summary:  <br/>
The project involves handling a suspicious email flagged for review due to multiple indicators of potential malicious activity. The email, purportedly from Def Communications, exhibits several concerning attributes. These include a known malicious file hash (54e6ea47eb04634d3e87fd7787e2136ccfbcc80ade34f246a12cf93bab527f6b) associated with the attached file ("bfsvc.exe"). The file has been identified as malicious by over 50 antivirus engines on Total Virus.
</p>

<!--
 ```diff
- text in red
+ text in green
! text in orange
# text in gray
@@ text in purple (and bold)@@
```
--!>
